there I went out to offices and today you
will learn to make continued appliance
samsung galaxy
well first I have here my
samsung galaxy that 66 actually this is
The first video of the channel I'm doing
channel before you even get my galaxy
the two I bought have some time
this galaxy was borrowed with a friend
my and I are not going to start with some
most basic tutorial videos by
galaxy y in other lighter cell phones
have a galaxy are two of my mother I
I'm going to test some things, too.
how was that
good to start and these I think he
It's like he left the factory. I did the
video of ruch before setting it down is necessary
do last night and then do everything
again
I know how it comes from the factory and I
I'll teach you how to make ruch in it good.
to start you will need a
computer preferably with windows
because if you have to make a
VM will be complicated and
phone and a USB cable
preferably by using the connected cable
directly on your computer is the cable
android standard connects to your computer
but preferably by not connecting it to
some hobby or something because otherwise
can a problem occur in your
cell phone or invalidate the men if you
do not have any shade of chipboard going
give a little work to get back
and here you put in the deposition mode
usb
he will ask if you really want
get into shock and now let's go to the
computer
here it opens all the files in the
computer you will create a folder that
preferably have some number in the
dome start to get easier
find on mobile
I put a e and files kick here
and we have all the files I have
I have in my corner
you will put teaching cards
some stores accept this in the
memory of the same phone but in this case
you put it in the memory card and I
I have here in the files of ruth that already
they are here on the cell phone but I'm going to put
here a download link in the subscription
will have here update roth point you go
put it on your cell phone
I already have it so I will not put it here
file update point brings the last stayed
known here on your memory card
and now if you have ever been
memory card you back you're not
now you no longer need to be with
he connected to the computer what you
Are you going to turn off your cell phone and
after this is to turn it off you go
need to put it into sleep mode.
recovery mode must press the
volume plus central button that your air
and power button quickly just to power
Calling him alone with his mother gives you a little
work so here push the button
the center button starts
hold the home button more and it is not that
I see that I can already release the button.
power just need to hold the other two
and this will call this mode of
here and there you only pay
preferably first central button
and then our volume knob will can
accidentally restart another
time and ends up giving a little work and
soon you control you control with
the side buttons to move up and down
here goes down and the central button is raised to
give an enter let's say so let 's
apply the update from the
and then you go to that folder that
you have created on your memory card here
in my case a roth files is here
You will hit the center button it goes
open this folder
there you go to the ruth file
ruth and he 'll be ready
simply press the button on the
half again to restart the cell phone
he will restart will be with mutti only
a little bit when he starts
He's already back that air already gave bush and
here ready to use this useful here he
it is not not broken with advice
starting you can start normally
Tite is still going to be with the super uncle.
I do not know if it's possible to see
here the borrowed camera does not focus much
well but I'm still going to get a camera
to use better on the channel but here
with the application you lose losing place
wrong but touch to superzoom application
deputy and ready to wear superior
will still have all the updates of
qualifications and everything else but here
I'll be ready if you want to install a
application that needs roth is in the
way to do it, thanks
here only me helping you to do
continued its galaxy y android wins
to the next